a chance that I recently took when I was on annual training was at the
USS Blue Ridge. I was the chief, the new chief in charge of making
sure that we successfully passed our insert requirement in service.
I mean, it's ah really comprehensive test that all the departments of
the ship have to pass. And as a new chief, I was I was supposed Thio
get all the electrician's to do all of the jobs that they were supposed
to, and I think that they were very, very far behind. That's
one of the reasons that I was called there and, uh, we didn't do too
well. I think we scored in the mid range and the most of the ship.
They passed pretty pretty well, either green or, you know, like slightly
under. But our electrical division was just so so in that. In that
respect, I think that we were working really hard every single day.
Um, warning tonight. You know, uh, kind of directing some of the
guys toe, go fix things and do preventive maintenance on things. However,
we couldn't catch up from the like maybe year. That had been
kind of like slowly keeping behind us. There were too many things to
fix. Too many lights that we hadn't seen too many rooms that we didn't
know where they were too many like bakers that we couldn't open
once they were open, like inside. We have to, like, do some other things
to make it work properly. And we couldn't catch up, Um, to the
time, um, that insert was to be successful in that regard. Who did I
talk to? You know, uh, that's the thing. You always have to have feedback
to the people above you, your superiors, your devo, Um, even
the commanding officer in this case, you know, I remember the commanding
officer of the Blue Ridge was down with us down in the in the aft
steering room. Um, making sure that the the I think it was some kind
of valve that was supposed to be, um, that was affecting the engine
room. He was there, you know, like turning a wrench with us. So
as long as everyone up the chain knows exactly where you are and what
your problems are than they're a little bit more forgiving for that,
it's when you try to hide things. And, you know, you say, like, Hey,
I could do it. You know, I'm a single individual or I'm the leader
of this crew, you know, And you don't feed the information back up
the chain. That's when they start, um, being frustrated with you.
So a songs You have that chain that you keep informed, you good to go.